datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1024.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1025.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1026.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1027.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1029.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1030.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1031.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1032.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1033.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1035.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1036s1.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1037.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1038.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1039.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1040.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1041.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1042.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1043.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1044.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1046s1.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1046s2.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1049.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1050.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1054.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1056.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1064.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1067.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1073.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1074.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1079.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1080.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1082.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1090.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/faspr/faspr_T1099.pdb
