datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1024_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1025_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1026_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1027_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1029_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1030_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1031_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1032_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1033_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1035_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1036s1_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1037_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1038_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1039_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1040_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1041_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1042_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1043_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1044_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1046s1_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1046s2_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1049_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1050_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1054_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1056_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1064_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1067_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1073_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1074_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1079_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1080_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1082_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1090_model.pdb
datasets/casp14/State of the art results/oscar/T1099_model.pdb
